Add first part of bottom sheet docs (#1203)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/bottomsheet/getting-started.md

---
title: Getting Started
page_title: .NET MAUI BottomSheet Documentation - Getting Started

> description: Get started with the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Bottom Sheet control and learn how to add the control to your .NET MAUI application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Get started with the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI BottomSheet control and learn how to add the control to your .NET MAUI application.
```

position: 2
slug: bottomsheet-getting-started
---

# Getting Started with the .NET MAUI BottomSheet

This guide provides the information you need to start using the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI BottomSheet by adding the control to your project.

At the end, you will achieve the following result.

![BottomSheet Getting Started](images/bottomsheet-getting-started.png)

## Prerequisites

Before adding the BottomSheet, you need to:

1. [Set up your .NET MAUI application]({%slug maui-getting-started %}#step-1-set-up-your-net-maui-application).

1. [Download Telerik UI for .NET MAUI]({% slug maui-getting-started %}#step-2-download-telerik-ui-for-net-maui).

1. [Install Telerik UI for .NET MAUI]({%slug maui-getting-started %}#step-3-install-telerik-ui-for-net-maui).

## Define the Control

> **1.** When the your .NET MAUI application is set up, you are ready to add the BottomSheet control to your page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1.** When your .NET MAUI application is set up, you are ready to add the BottomSheet control to your page.
```
